sig: update the link of sig-scheduling (#213)
pingcap/community: special-interest-groups/sig-scheduling/README.md

## Contact

> * Slack: channel [#sig-scheduling](http://suo.im/6lRqNv) in the [tidbcommunity](https://pingcap.com/tidbslack) slack workspace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Slack: channel [#sig-scheduling](https://tidbcommunity.slack.com/archives/CVBRYUP9B) in the [tidbcommunity](https://pingcap.com/tidbslack) slack workspace.
```
